Update time author (#1)
openpharma/workshop-r-swe-rinpharma-2024: index.qmd

- Joe Zhu, https://github.com/shajoezhu and http://www.linkedin.com/in/joe-zhu-464b5818

License: This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.
The source files are hosted at https://github.com/openpharma/workshop-r-swe-rinpharma-2024, which is forked from and a subset of the original version at https://github.com/RCONIS/user2024-tutorial-gswep.

Important: To use this work you must provide the name of the creators (initial authors), a link to the material, a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made.
-->
```

Welcome to the homepage of the tutorial *"Good Software Engineering Practice for R Packages"*, part of the [R/Pharma Conference 2024 APAC track](https://rinpharma.com/post/2024-07-17-apac-track/). In this course you will learn hands-on skills and tools to engineer reliable R packages. The workshop will be conducted in about 3 hours and will be a mix of presentations and exercises. Participants need to be comfortable with writing functions in R and use their own laptops as a prerequisite.

## Event Details

> This live event will be held on Monday October 28, 2024 12:00 - 15:00 GMT+8 as a [virtual tutorial](https://events.zoom.us/ev/AvobJEOTVwkUnH6_TgLZDZJauk4dxfm5jCG8JFNN9zukOcsVLvTN~AmO5XY5HRBcxkKG6Hga1aXZaYtpBSER6jHms1seP-NNOA0dhcQZUGJ2NWg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This live online event will be held on Monday October 28, 2024 12:00 - 15:00 GMT+8 as a [virtual workshop](https://events.zoom.us/ev/AvobJEOTVwkUnH6_TgLZDZJauk4dxfm5jCG8JFNN9zukOcsVLvTN~AmO5XY5HRBcxkKG6Hga1aXZaYtpBSER6jHms1seP-NNOA0dhcQZUGJ2NWg).
```

Learn, understand, and practice good software engineering rules. Participants will delve into the significance of good engineering habits to avoid the pitfalls of maintenance overload, inefficient development, and regulatory non-compliance. By emphasizing best practices, the course will guide them towards faster releases on CRAN, saving valuable time on refactoring for PoC to release version transitions, and fostering an open environment for community contributions on GitHub. All course materials, including R scripts, will be shared with participants via GitHub, providing easy access to resources for continued learning and application beyond the course.

## Schedule

| Time               | Topic                                        |

> |--------------------|:---------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: the schedule also needs to be adapted

-   [20th July 2023, San José, CA, US](https://openpharma.github.io/workshop-r-swe-sf/)
-   [26th September 2023, Rockville, MD, US](https://openpharma.github.io/workshop-r-swe-md/)
-   [16th and 17th October 2023, Montreal, QC, CA](https://openpharma.github.io/workshop-r-swe-mtl/)
-   [18th and 19th April 2024, Zurich, CH](https://rconis.github.io/workshop-r-swe-zrh/)

> -   [8th July 2024, Salzburg, Austria](https://rconis.github.io/user2024-tutorial-gswep/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [8th July 2024, Salzburg, AT](https://rconis.github.io/user2024-tutorial-gswep/)
```
